I added information about the required libraries. (#831)
spatial-model-editor/spatial-model-editor: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

sudo ./ext/getdeps.sh
```

> Make sure you have the necessary documents installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure you have the necessary libraries installed, for example on Ubuntu:
```

```
sudo apt-get install -yy \
    ccache \
    xvfb \
    jwm \
    lcov \
    clang-14 \
    llvm-14

> ```

Reviewer: these shouldn't be required?

```

> sudo apt-get install -yy \

Reviewer: `-yy` is just for when running on CI so it doesn't ask for confirmation
```suggestion
sudo apt-get install \
```
